Tell me about a stressful situation at work and how you handled it.
Describe a time when you disagreed with your supervisor on how to accomplish something.
Have you ever had to convince your team to do a job they were reluctant to do?
Have you ever had a deadline you were not able to meet? What happened? What did you do?
Tell me about a time your co-workers had a conflict. How did you handle it?
How have you prioritized being assigned multiple projects?
Tell me about a difficult work challenge you’ve had.
Talk about a time when you had to adapt to big changes at work.
How have you dealt with an angry or upset customer?
Have you ever gone above and beyond to help a customer? What did you do?
Tell me about a time when you had to fight for an idea at work.
Talk about a time where you had to make an important decision quickly. What did you decide? What were the results?
Have you ever been in a business situation that was ethically questionable? What did you do?
Have you ever had a project that had to change drastically while it was in progress? Why? How did you do it?
Talk about a time when a co-worker was not doing their share on a project. How did you handle it?
Tell me about a major setback you’ve had. How did you deal with it?
What have you done when colleagues have been stressed out by a project?
Talk about a difficult problem you’ve had to solve. How did you solve it?
Have you ever had to defend a customer’s point of view? What did you do? Why?
Talk about a time when you’ve had to sell an idea to your colleagues.
Tell me about a problem you solved in a creative way.
Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours.
Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?
Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that?
We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you’d handled a situation differently with a colleague.
Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn’t very responsive. What did you do?
Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so?
Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a client’s expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?
Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service.
Describe a time when you had to interact with a difficult client. What was the situation, and how did you handle it?
When you’re working with a large number of customers, it’s tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers’ needs?
Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it?
Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt?
Tell me about the first job you’ve ever had. What did you do to learn the ropes?
Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet in order to delicately extricate yourself from a difficult or awkward situation.
Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation?
Tell me about a time you had to be very strategic in order to meet all your top priorities.
Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner?
Sometimes it’s just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?
Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone to see things your way at work.
Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you?
Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team.
Give me an example of a time when you had to explain something fairly complex to a frustrated client. How did you handle this delicate situation?
Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit.
Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
Describe a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it.
Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?
Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?
Have you been in a situation where you disagree with a company policy? How do you handle it?
Describe a time when you cooperated with someone outside of your team/department/group in an activity that turned out to benefit both teams/departments/groups.
Describe a situation in which you made an effort to repair an important relationship.  What made this relationship important to you and the business?
We’ve all had to make a decision with limited information.  Tell me about a time this happened to you.
At one time we all have thought we handled a problem successfully only to find we had only affected a symptom of a larger problem.  Can you give me an example of when this happened to you?
Give me an example of a time when you were able to apply existing technology or knowledge in a new way to solve a problem.
Can you give me a recent example of when you suggested a teammate try a different way to solve a problem, but it didn't work as well as the original approach?
Tell me about the ways in which you have worked with group members to develop new and innovative ideas to solve business problems.  GIve me a recent example.
Tell me about a recent time when you thought, “There’s got to be a better way.” and then you found one.
Describe a time when you had difficulty convincing a work team to implement changes.  How did you address their issues?
Describe your biggest disappointment at work.  Why was this so disappointing for you?
Tell me about a time when you were particularly satisfied with your work situation.  Why was this situation so gratifying.
Give me an example of a time when you worked with a group/team to determine project responsibilities.  What difficulties or issues came up?
Think of someone from another department with whom you’ve worked with who would say you’re a good partner.  Why would that person say that? Provide examples.
Describe the steps you took to identify or understand a complicated problem you have had to deal with on your job.
Describe a time when you weighed the pros and cons of a situation and decided not to take action, even though you were under pressure to do so.
Describe a time at work when you helped a coworker learn to use a new technology tool.
Can you think of a time when you recommended a solution that was or wasn’t accepted by the customer or internal group? What was the reason?
Tell me about one of the most difficult meetings you’ve had where you needed to gain someone’s agreement or commitment to an idea or plan.
Give me an example of a time when you were able to get someone from outside your workgroup to cooperate with you on an important initiative or project.
Describe a situation in which you had to use a different approach because your initial approach failed to persuade others.
Tell me about a goal you set and reached and how you achieved it.
Tell me about the last time your workday ended before you were able to get everything done.
Give me an example of a time you had to prioritize certain tasks or projects over others.
Give me an example of a time when you had to handle multiple responsibilities at once. How did you prioritize your time?
Tell me about the last time you handle a long-term project. How did you keep the project on track?
Can you share about a time you had to be flexible or adaptable?
Tell me about a time when you had to be creative to solve a problem.
Tell me about a time you had to learn quickly.
Tell me about a time you made a difficult decision.
Tell me about how you work under pressure.
Tell me about a time when you handled a challenging situation.
Tell me about a time when you made a mistake. What did you do to correct it?
Give me an example of a time you made a decision that was unpopular and explain how you handled implementing it.
Tell me about a goal you failed to achieve.
Tell me about a time you felt you went above and beyond.
Give me an example of how you set goals.
Tell me about the proudest moment in your professional career why it was meaningful to you.
Can you give me an example of a time when you felt dissatisfied with your work?
Tell me about a body of work you felt was most impactful for you or your company.
How do you stay motivated when a job requires you to perform repetitive tasks?
Tell me about a time when you had to say “no.”
Give me an example of a time when you persuaded someone. How’d you do it and why?
Talk about a time when you’ve had to manage up.
Tell me about a time when you had to explain a complex topic to people with less subject knowledge. How did you make sure everyone could understand you?
Tell me about a time you had to build rapport with a coworker or client whose personality was different than yours?
Tell me about a time when you collaborated with others who were different than you.
Tell me about the best presentation you’ve given. Why was it good?
Tell me about a time when you felt like a good leader.
Can you give me an example of how you’ve contributed to the culture of previous teams, companies or groups?
Share an example of how you were able to motivate a coworker, your peers or your team.
Tell me about a time you disagreed with a supervisor.
Tell me about a time you had to stand up for your beliefs.
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your manager’s leadership style or team culture.
Tell me about a time when you were in conflict with a peer and how the situation was resolved.
Tell me about a time you wish you’d handled a situation with a coworker differently.

